Doc: improve cardinality API doc (#5232)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/references/http-api/index.md

GET,POST <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/cardinality/label_names
```

Returns label names cardinality across all ingesters, for the authenticated tenant, in `JSON` format.
It counts distinct label values per label name.

As far as this endpoint generates cardinality report using only values from currently opened TSDBs in ingesters, two subsequent calls may return completely different results, if ingester did a block
cutting between the calls.

The items in the field `cardinality` are sorted by `label_values_count` in DESC order and by `label_name` in ASC order.
The count of items is limited by `limit` request param.

This endpoint is disabled by default and can be enabled via the `-querier.cardinality-analysis-enabled` CLI flag (or its respective YAML config option).

Requires [authentication](#authentication).

#### Caching

> The response of this API endpoint could be fetched from the query-frontend results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response of this API endpoint can be fetched from the query-frontend results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than `0`.
```
Who is performing these actions? Please reword the passive voice if possible.

Author: How does this sound?

```suggestion
The query-frontend can return a stale response fetched from the query results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than `0`.
```

GET,POST <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/cardinality/label_values
```

Returns label values cardinality associated to request param `label_names[]` across all ingesters, for the authenticated tenant, in `JSON` format.
It returns the series count per label value associated to request param `label_names[]`.

> The items in the field `labels` are sorted by `series_count` in DESC order and by `label_name` in ASC order.

Reviewer 2: We could also make it a proper words: descending, ascending.

> The items in the field `labels` are sorted by `series_count` in DESC order and by `label_name` in ASC order.

Author: ```suggestion
The items in the field `labels` are sorted by `series_count` in descending order and by `label_name` in ascending order.
```

Two subsequent calls will likely return similar results, because this window of time is not related to the block cutting on ingesters.
Values will change only as a result of changes in the data ingested by Mimir.

#### Caching

> The response of this API endpoint could be fetched from the query-frontend results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response of this API endpoint can be fetched from the query-frontend results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than `0`.
```
See previous comment about passive voice.

Author: How does this sound?

```suggestion
The query-frontend can return a stale response fetched from the query results cache if `-query-frontend.cache-results` is enabled and `-query-frontend.results-cache-ttl-for-cardinality-query` set to a value greater than `0`.
```
